Lend Invest Task
===============================

### Implementation

This test has been developed using no framework. Autoload generated by composer enabled all the classes that have been created to be loaded and used by means of namespaces. 

The codebase adhered to using interfaces and abstract classes from within the Common directory. 

Within the InterestModel.php, InvestorModel.php & TrancheModel.php files, the getter and setter magic methods have been put in place for not only creating the properties of that class, but to provide validation on what is being set when it comes to displaying the correct data. 

A generic interest calculation service had been built to calculate the raw interest value response which is returned from within the CalculateInterestService class specific for manipulating the interest value response, allowing the abstracted Interest Service to be used for other purposes.  

Unit tests have been carried out within the codebase using both reflection and mocking approaches.

### How to test

1. Install Composer locally by running `composer install` from the root of the project from the terminal.
2. The test for all scenarios can be found within the InterestModelTest.php file using the method `testGetInterest()`. The method itself is using a dataProvider to test all scenarios with their expected interest values after calculation per investor.
3. Unit tests have been implemented using PHP Unit, to execute these including the scenario test, please cd to the root directory and run the following command `./vendor/bin/phpunit tests`.

*If no classes seem to load please try and run `composer dump-autoload`.  